Notes for code version 11160816 - 16-Aug-2016 D. Nitz

This is the first packaged version of the firmware.  The code is in
the "alpha" stage.

Only a single bin and muon trigger are implemented.  The triggers have
been tested somewhat using the external trigger input.  Sensible
waveform shapes have not been verified because I've not taken my UUB
out of firmware development service long enough to make all the
necessary component updates. So, for example, the gains are wrong, the
pedestals are off scale below zero, and there is a lot of noise on the
signals.  When using the single bin trigger there are a lot of false
triggers.  I'm not able to track down the cause of that yet, due to
the aforementioned issues.  

Thanks to help from Patrik Allison to point me in the correct
direction, I was able to see how to get both DMA and PDT of the shower
and muon buffers implemented.  Aftery trying the memory muxing he
suggested I realized that I could alternatively do the same thing in a
cleaner way using axi_crossbar IP on each and every buffer BRAM.

Other than that, the project includes all of the devices that I
presently know about that are required for the field, including the
time tagging module and the led flasher control.

The led flasher control allows setting the delay from the 1PPS or
doing an immediate LED flash.  In both cases the width may be varied.
However, the led driver on the current board EA boards generates a
pulse which is approximately 4 times wider than the LDEBAR output of
the trigger module.

There is a GPS 1PPS switch module so that the board can be tested
either with or without a GPS module.  By default the firmware comes up
assuming a GPS.  See trigger_test.h & trigger_test.c for example of
how to chose a fake 1PPS generated from the 120 MHz clock instead.
The included .c and .h files have examples of the initialization of
the ADCs and DACs.  They also include examples of configuring
triggers, readout via DMA and PDT and LED pulsing.

The trigger_out at present just sends a pulse out whenever any trigger
is detected.

If you can see this file you've obviously been able to unpack the
distribution tar file.  The zip file you see is an archive of the
Vivado project for the board.

If there have been changes in the configuration in the Zynq since I
transferred them from Eric and Roberto's projects, they may not be merged in.



